give her the fruit it
rain Spell on You In A
Circle hot fire
gasoline make it rainbow
dream h fire gasoline make it rainbow
dream smash the [ __ ] is s Iris which she
float up flying through the night make
you feel all right cat spells of
volcanoes use lava Liquid Drano two
props of purple hazing that's with the
witches blazing Liquid Smoke Kickstart
the broomstick up in the sky with
balloons my does ain't
toothpicks Tommy Chong P pass you want
it you only need a little bit of dragon
Venom drips Dr fever deck of scripts
Darkness through dreams Penny w lovely
ladies know I'm
it that stuff they
own it gets right on top of
them hope you're not busy for a few
days I Drea the Chrome and processed
foods oh L I think I bring the brain
Make It Rain burn it
purple cast a spell on you in a
circle hot fire gasoline
[Music]
make your Rainbow
dream welcome back to Lady Babylon this
is a Wednesday night
initiating apocalypse I want to thank
you for coming out I want to thank you
for coming out I have some material
tonight all new stuff I want to send a
shout out to Gandy who was able to
procure these Greek texts
thank you thank you for getting those
Gandy everybody say Gandy Gandy right
awesome this is the text that I'm GNA
bring you tonight and it is gonna open
some flood gates oh God we're going
right back into the heart of the mystery
we're going right back into the heart of
the mystery tonight but before we do
while the time spaceship is warming up
and I've got to I've got to tell you
first of all tonight's mission is a
tough one tonight's mission is a tough
one oh God I can hear it I can hear them
all over the place people this is going
to be
rough yeah yeah put on your
restraints right put on your restraints
this one's gonna be rough tonight it's
going to be rough we're going to show
you some things tonight chewy and I are
going to show you some things okay
before we do I
have couple of things to set straight
couple of things to set
straight tonight we have a commendation
to Satan right when you commend somebody
or a group of people to Satan you are
performing an ancient
act that is part of the power that
belongs to the those who are
initiated okay what we're doing is we're
commending to the
devil she and her
followers who would
slander those who have been
abused those who have been abused
somebody said now when people are from
the congregation are writing to me and
saying oh what is this what is this
don't pay attention don't pay attention
because if you give them the attention
you give them the legitimacy but people
have come out and have said my God this
man he was
abused by the clergy such a statement is
an out andout lie it's a falsehood I
would never claim something like that
ever ever ever why because I have stood
with a victim of
abuse with tears in his eyes and it was
years ago was when he was a little kid
and he came up to me at a talk I was
giving where I was talking about
historical church
abuse right child abuse in the church
and he came up to me and he
said you brought it out you you showed
it it's exactly what happened to me
exactly he said I saw in the eyes of
that guy who did that to me I saw in his
eyes exactly what you're talking about
shame on you on
anyone who would take that pain of those
real victims and try to say this man
can't be right about the naked kid that
was with Jesus when he was arrested in a
public park at for him he can't be right
he is a victim
himself I have never claimed to be nor
ever would I nor ever would I yeah I am
not a victim of any such thing yes I am
not now maybe 10 priests bust through
the door and then something happens but
until then I would never take away way
the
honor of justice for those who were real
victims great shame I commend you to
Satan the other thing I wanted to set
right what was the other what was the
other chewy what was
it oh yeah tell megido tell megido so
somebody came out it was Flint dribble I
think it's his name and he came out and
he said yeah I checked this guy out and
I talked to the one of the head of the
Digs at megido he doesn't remember him
no you wouldn't because I was the guy
among the
60 from the University of Arizona
staying at kibuts is reel digging your
dirt at megido and anytime one of us
came across anything you people jumped
down and said getet out of here
we were your
slaves I am one of those very proud to
have been there I saw the floor the
Canaanite Temple I saw the floor when
they found it right some dudes a dude
and a dudette were part of the slept
next to us in the Caravan next to us
they were part of the group that
actually got to find it I didn't I told
you I worked on that
19th century trench that was covered up
had it was a French excavation I didn't
find Jack I just moved dirt so I want
people to know please understand there
is no reason for me to bring you
anything but reality there's no reason
and it's much more relaxing that way
when you're just honest it's much more
relaxing I want you to notice that the
people who would
attack lady Babylon are the people who
lead with lies they always lead with
lies they have to tell you something
they have to tell you something right
everything that I'm giving you
congregation is a weapon it's a
weapon and it scares
them I want to also make a challenge
tonight to those out there I'm facing a
couple of bouts right facing a couple of
bouts and I want to warn you I just want
to warn you
right there will
be no
mercy it is time for a reckoning it is
time for a
Renaissance and you are in the
way I will see you at the
about I am he who tears your soul from
your body oh God I love it right love it
love it does people love it right
put the fear in them M put the fear in
them can't wait people I can't wait when
I am when I am duking it out I just want
you to know every one of you satanic
congregation is my strength every one of
you hold that reality hold that science
and that Devotion to what is true to
what is
real right love it oh God we love it
don't we we love it chewy okay let's go
right away people um you're going to
want to see the devil okay hold on you
I'm gonna show you the devil we're going
back we're going back and look people
people are always talking to me oh God
how many of these situations are you g
to get us into on I'm gonna get us into
as many of these situations until you
are comfortable anthropologically
in describing what is exactly the
mystery we are
profaning the mystery do you know what
that does they said it attracts the
lightning it attracts the lightning and
where's that lightning enter it enters
the
roros it enters the
Robos
yeah
okay okay are you ready you thought I
was making it up are you
ready let's go to our first star system
everybody get off the spaceship isn't
that funny when we get there we get off
we hit the hyperdrive we're there W it's
a time thing don't worry about it it's
physics nobody understands physics right
look at this this is from the AXS of
Thomas for those of you who want and the
specifics and what is this document that
nobody ever reads anymore remember this
is the dark Bible you mean before people
had a Bible they had a dark Bible yes
they just had all of the collected
writings of Christianity and this is one
of them it was in their Bible dudes came
along later and said wait wait wait wait
there's too much here take it out and I
am bringing it back to you this is the
section on the doing the
activity the productivity of the
Dragon of the Dragon are you ready and
you're going to sit there and think
Dragon Flappy Wings right breathing fire
no no remember a draina a female dragon
was a woman as early as a thousand
BC who are the dragons oh are we dead do
we morph into a globe of
Doom oh can they hear hello
hello f fantastic we're going to refresh
oh hit it
Chey me back give me back my track okay
let's go back to the first star system
are you ready people look I'm giving you
the stuff for the first time you're not
going to really see this before this I'm
giving and by the way there are a couple
of translations online um they both blow
really really bad really bad right so
yeah no and they're just not good bro
open up open up this one they're very
they remind me of the bad that is the
that is the King James bad you know what
I mean it's like intentional bad anyway
purposefully driven bad here we here we
have the document this is about the
doing of the Dragon remember the dragon
is a person this is a person dragons
typically guard relics they are attached
to Temples or holy SES the example we
always use is medas Dragon what did he
guard he guarded that fleece on which
was written a song that hung in the tree
in the Grove of
Aries
Aries by the way everybody go
watch all old boys
new bit on pans and find yourself some
Aries find yourself some Aries you he's
doing fantastic work and he's doing
fantastic work with the Greek students
fantastic I love it good job good job
old boy a u l d b o y give it to me what
Happ here people okay let's let me just
tell you the story real quick right what
is this about a dragon what is this so
the
Apostle right he was going to that place
that the cuos the Lord had
designated right now remember these
Apostles um they're hearing the
voice and
seeing the image of
Jesus and they can give you the ability
to do the same we're going to watch him
do that we'll see a kid begging for it
but first we're going to a cemetery and
we're going to deal with a boy a very
goodlooking boy according to Thomas
who's a pervert a very goodlook boy are
you ready for this no you're afraid are
you ready for what the Christians are
doing are you ready for it come on
people I told you that first that first
one chewy here we go what does this say
it says he was going to where the voice
had told him to go and what happens he
got to the second Mile poost right a
Roman mile is a little bit shorter than
an English Mile and what happens there
he went a little bit off the road and he
saw there a body it was the body of a
Neu a very beautiful boy all right and
he's just lying there and what does
Thomas say he says quick call
911 no he doesn't say that I'm just
kidding what does he say oh Lord
why have you brought me to such a
terrible Temptation wait
what
what a a a Temptation look at the bottom
line at the word in the very middle a
parason a
permon do you know what that is that is
a Temptation for Thomas a
naked boy in a
cemetery is a
temptation is a temptation is a
Temptation Dude Looks dead what is this
with this dude you know what you find in
cemeteries and Antiquity I've been to a
lot in the words of the people I've been
to a lot I've seen these long gone
cemeteries you know what you find in
them you find
prostitutes what you and I call
prostitutes you find dudes who get
arrested with naked children like Jesus
you find dudes coming out of here with
stuff dribbling out their bottoms St
cyprian right the prostitutes that he's
with are chasing him it was two women
and he's running out and he's dribbling
out you find dudes who are
christing you find dudes who are
christing how can you nail those people
when they're christing oh God just look
at what's on their faces look for the
are you ready do you think this boy has
any purple on him for those of you
who've been there you think this boy has
purple here we go give it to me give me
the next one what happens what happens
he says look let whatever reason you
brought me here for this temptation just
let your will be done and he gets down
and he starts praying and he says oh
lord judge of the living and the
dead of the living who stand around us
because he's come with other people he's
got his disciples with him
right you're the Lord of those living
that are standing around and you're the
lord of the Dead who were laying
around he's talking pointing to the
graves where he's standing do you
understand this is that cuos the lord of
the living and the dead are you ready is
what's he trying to do by the way he's
summoning
Jesus he is summoning Jesus you didn't
know vampires have the power to summon
each other do you no and you didn't know
about dreams
either there are powers that you get
with being a Christ there are powers you
get with a resurrected
form remember what did they call Thomas
the twin
Christ the twin
Christ the twin Christ he was well he
was well trained when he went to India
he was well trained how many beautiful
young boys so-called do you think you're
G to find in the acts of
Thomas I have tried to count
them I have tried to count them it is a
myriad it is a myriad and guess what
girls too are you ready now we just
summon the devil you don't realize that
we did but we did how do we do that how
do we do that we did that with that
first passage go back to that first
passage what is that bottom word it's
Temptation who is there baby who is
there who is there in this temptation
that Thomas is dealing with give it give
me the second
one so he began to to pray right he's
the lord of the Living Lord he's the
great desperate he's praying oh God
you're the you're even the father of
those Souls that are not in the body but
the souls that have fled you're all
you're the all one right give me the
next
one now what happens
Boom
come come at this
hour the very time in which I am calling
you come he is getting Jesus Christ in
Vampire form to show up let's see if it
works give it to me give me the next one
right now remember these people of all
right I'm going to show you the drugs
but remember this is a drug cult right
he's waving his skin around right at one
point right what did the guys see that
were there they didn't see that right
that dude was wasted are you ready what
happened happens what happens here he
comes devil right right out of his
dwelling in the
cemetery right a dragon and it's not a
regular Dragon it's a Megos Dragon it's
a great one if you've read the
apocalypse you'll
know a great Dragon comes out and what
does he do now I'm going to translate
this for you people and buckle up buckle
up are you ready get as mature as you
can I'm going to do this as maturely as
I possibly can are you
ready yeah he's shaking his
pride he's shaking his
pride which is out there it's like a
Sader he comes out like a Sader it says
he's shaken his
pride and he's hurling
that he's hurling that uron his
tremendous uran back and forth it's
getting all over the
ground and he's talking in a he's
talking in a loud voice all right this
guy's been somewhere this guy's been
somewhere are you
ready you don't believe me I know you
don't but an uran what is an uran you'll
say it's a tail it's tail no shut up
shut up people where's our urun oh it's
okay I'll get it on the next one I'll
get it on the next one take it down the
uron I'll show you it's a it's his
private parts right he's taking his
chief Beauty and he's waving it around
why because he's been
christed don't you understand we're
gonna see his boy here tell us tell us
devil how did this beautiful boy get
knocked out like this dude looks dead
Dude Looks dead tell us devil what
happened you know what the devil's going
to do he's going to tell us I spank the
devil right come here come here Satan
come here I know you're there can you
see can you see those people can you see
what they did and how they stood against
what's just right you see them okay
let's take it
out yeah let's do it let's get it done
give me the next one that little tiny
one what
happens no no no no no there we go
fantastic no next one this one
what was that one chewy oh my God yep no
that's it now there we are okay and what
is the devil say tell us devil he says
look what happened to this kid there's a
there's a woman right there's a woman
here she walked right by this place and
she was
horah was horah now you ask me what is
the woman who is horah give it to me
give me the next one are you ready um oh
and by the way this says and when I saw
her I just I fell for her right wait a
minute the
devil fell for
someone
yes yes the
devil is the Romantic one Jesus is the
one who gets arrested and screams I'm
not a trafficker while he's standing
next to a naked kid
okay the devil is the one who's always
getting shot by that burning power of
AOS and what does he do he sees her
what's the okay look it's you you can
feel it you feel the devil inside you
he's in love that's what that said did
you like the a is passive right he's
enkindled he's enkindled by that erotic
flame he loves her give me that give me
that NE next one and what is she what is
is she devil she's horos she is produced
at the right season she is seasonable or
timely it's talking about the fruits of
the earth do you know what she is she's
that
fruit she's that fruit give me another
one the next one what kind of what kind
of by the way people this is from the
word Hora and the plural hor and the
hori are specifically the seasons in
life
do you
understand okay so she is
seasonal she is the one who is
fruiting
fruiting right okay that's what a devil
it's just the it's the way it is people
give me the next one give me the next
one yeah good and um what is hor by the
way as an an abstract noun it's that
that Harvest time it's that time when
you come and you glean you take that
stuff and you I don't know I don't know
oh I'm not a farmer I worked with cows
man I worked with cows getting them
pregnant was what was
important they loved me um watch this
Harvest Time 20 days TW uh blah blah
before the dog start okay Harvest give
me the next one of persons
seasonable or ripe and finally for those
of you are asking how old is she give me
an age
Omen in reference to age it is the prime
of life or youthful and he SE it right
the bloom of
Youth okay you can argue numbers all day
long all you want what these texts are
focusing on is that temptation that pmon
that
trial right and that trial is brought by
the devil why because the devil has a
thing for that ripened reality for that
beauty do you understand do you
understand why he was in the garden in
the first place oh my God does it is it
people starting to get unsteady right is
is starting oh I smelled something what
was that I think it was sulfur are they
doing a cleansing I'm not sure give me
the next one give me the next one please
um and help us out of this no look at
the prime of life and the bloom of Youth
people and look at the bottom line and
the Greek two Greek words
the
hor all right the most seasonable piske
do you know what a pidis is
yeah it's a minor a minor it's also a
way to talk about it's a minor girl
excuse me and it's also the way to talk
about
prostitutes okay yeah beautiful
prostitute do you understand most Fring
prostitute now the prostitute side is a
La that's given to these people right
it's why Paul hates the Pia so much
right the pidis sky are the ones who
recognized that Peter was one of the
boys of
Galilee we all know what they do do you
understand there was a crowd in the
crucifixion right a
crowd what were they saying oh he's such
a good boy no
no G Diddy had learned about the
oils he'd learned what you put in them
to put the person into the right
state do you understand does this need
more heavy
illustration for you do you need
it
yeah shame on him shame on G did he for
what he did shame on him you know who
I'm talking about I'm talking about a
guy that was arrested in a public park
we got on one hand a dude a dude that's
got a weakness for the eve and on the
other hand we got a dude who's getting
arrested in some kind of clown
operation so many people hate this dude
they get a crowd to get kill him crucify
they're lucky they would have torn the
guy apart otherwise
he's lucky he got the benefit of being
able to go to the Cross right and he's
very lucky his drugs that he had on
board started
working so he could give the appearance
of being
dead can you believe that can you
believe that joke's on
you it's on us give me the next one
people watch this he says look look look
look what what does the devil do he sees
sees her there all right we're back with
the devil he sees her there and he says
he becomes her um he's going to become
AAS right he's going to follow her it
really means to follow but it means in a
devoted way and it's the same word that
you use for slaves and for
soldiers slaves and soldiers right it's
like you were receive orders from this
person it's the same word that was used
of Jesus Christ's boy that ends up naked
with
him do you understand it's the same word
it means I'm going to follow
you right you're gonna be my
Lord right this is what the devil does
to
her she walks past him he follows her
give it to me give it to me are you
ready what's the last last word in that
first line I mean in the no that's good
that's good keep going um what is the
last word before the um the Greek colon
that it's been the Bottom's been whacked
off right like somebody took a club and
hit it
um what does that mean it means to
follow to scrutinize to
stalk yeah what did he do he stalked her
and what did he do he he he found her
there with a boy the same boy that's
laying there in front of them and what
were they doing there were
K they were
exchanging
kisses vehemently and what did it turn
into
Co you remember when we looked up coin
Andia that the Christians sit around
very innocently and stupidly saying
let's all go have coin Andia you know
what that means it means
intercourse and what are they doing that
boy and his vision the devil's Vision
he's defiling her he's defiling
her is there any conclusion that you and
I could come to besides kid must go he
must go that's it right you me and the
devil right the kids gota
go devil is
protective devil is protective of Eve do
you understand
We Worship the Great
virgin because of our honor of
protecting her do you
understand even the people in prison get
it right G
Diddy he going to have to look over his
shoulder when he's going through the
prison process because there's a Code
there is a code did you say G did it
yeah I'm talking Antiquity right for
people I'm crossing intentionally p didy
and
Jesus G
didy G Diddy has to go through the
process of looking over his shoulder
that's why he's screaming in the very
beginning I'm not a
trafficker right right okay g& P scream
out you're not traffickers because there
is a code of justice that is underneath
any sort of religious rules that Judaism
Christianity Islam any of the monest
religion this is way before any of that
it's a code of justice it's a code of
protecting the innocent and it is built
it is built and wired
into the ancient Greek
tongue oh God it's gorgeous I love it
okay give me the next one give me the
next one what happens watch this people
watch this oh God he's the twin I just
want you to know I to make this up the
devil knows who Thomas is he's twin he's
a twin Christ do you understand I'm
going to reveal something to you for the
first
time there is a
connection a duality that is created in
the
[Music]
mystery it's okay because I'm going to
drug you do you understand I'm going to
drug you in the process
okay ancient Christian
Duality that Duality is a necessity if
you are not seeing and hearing Jesus
Christ you have not entered into the
mystery and you are not born again do
you understand okay fantastic hit it to
hit me with that yeah was the next one
maybe the next one here we go um so what
happened devil you know what had to
happen to that kid
tupas what' you do devil I struck him
and killed
him I didn't do it says the devil or um
when I was around her I waited for him
to finish and I followed him and I
killed him I put him into death death
meet kid kid
death and there he is you like
that okay all right all right devil give
me the next one tell me a little more
while we've got the devil tell me a
little more give me the next one
boom
devil what's in your
mouth do you know what's in the mouth of
the devil
his tool of
Doom it's in his
mouth
now there are two types of people in the
audience those who understood that to
mean that the devil's
tongue is the
weapon and that weapon will cut you to
shreds number one number two there are
those of you who heard and saw the devil
with his tail and his mouth and who is
that show me the devil with his tail and
his mouth where is it where no Chey
didn't you depict it you're supposed to
depict the devil with his tail in his
mouth right there you got to work
fantastic where is this
Mark it's on the
breast of the one undergoing the mystery
it is the serpent
who
swallows
himself okay now for those of you who
heard that side of it that will open up
a whole different avenue enjoy fantastic
for those of you who didn't I don't care
give me the next one right congregation
hears it they knew who I am my
sheepies okay I'm sorry I said that oh I
deserve a spanking now everybody imagine
the spanking Alan do not talk like Jesus
Christ especially when he's talking
about his little
children and touching his
sheepies perverts I deserve that give me
the next one what is that Ura just for
those of you who think I'm making this
up look at the bottom number two it
equals ID Doan ioan you know what those
those are the
genitalia the Gen tell you there's no
mistaking it people how did the devil
get a third of the host to Rebel with
him right now you remember that you
remember that at least a third of the
Angels a third of the Angels came with
him and the Bible will tell you he did
it right with his
Ur he did it with what yeah I'm about to
show you I always say the devil did it
with his fallace
with his private parts that's how he
brought those angels down and every like
no you can't pick the meaning to this
down there on the ground I'm a
theologian you can't pick that third
meaning one of these Liars I'll just
have you know one of these Liars who
says the haa about Greek haaha actually
confided in somebody I knew knew who
told me his Greek is not good and he
doesn't use it he actually doesn't
read that's something I told you from
the very beginning I told you that
please people please it's just science
right it's just science there are frauds
in your midst frauds complete and total
frauds give me the next one give me oh I
love the Greek I love the Greek what
does this Greek say oh his tail was in
his mouth and he says I am the one who
came through the barrier into
paradise and was there with Eve and I
told her everything my father gave me to
tell
her wait
[Music]
what he's the one who penetrated that
barrier of paradise
this
[Music]
serpent this
serpent okay let those who have ears to
hear here I know that you want to be
sealed I understand that I totally
understand that give me the next one
what's the what's the oh god um tell me
devil says Thomas at this point right so
Devil's there he told him what he did
with the kid right the kid's dead and
how does Thomas respond to this great
Temptation that's laying on the ground
what does he say to me he says tell me
devil where are you from man what kind
of seed did you come from literally
that's what what kind of seed did you
come from where's your origin dude and
he says to him what's the devil say to
him I am the her her now some Garian out
there will say oh look this looks
foreign not a good one not a classist
because this is straight up you know
there's no problem with this in the
Greek but they'll say and then they'll
say look this should be written in a
different language right well it turns
out that this one um people have done
that for syak they've said oh this
thing's got to be in syak first
bu you people are hilarious you're so
hilarious and dumb you're
dumb God it's just beautiful it's like a
great Li you know what I mean it can
only go for so long and anywhere you can
just take a tiny tiny pin to one
gigantic Line's pop it the whole thing
goes up the greatest lie you were ever
told is that Bible was written in Hebrew
that was the greatest lie you ever told
and you had to read the Hebrew from that
point out that English is coming through
that Hebrew that Spanish is coming
through that
Hebrew shame on you you missed it why it
was intentional don't worry worry don't
worry it was intentional all right
that's how you grab
legitimacy in the second first centuries
BC that's how you grab legitimacy give
it to me give it to it's still
propaganda right people this is how you
deal with sources right oh my God he's
so rough with his sources yeah it turns
you on doesn't it give it to me and when
I say that I mean mentally you perverts
right what does he say here oh God I am
the one who penet ated that boundary
came to her and talked to her next and
who else is the devil who else is the
devil he says I am the one who
burned Cain's Soul who set him on fire
so he would kill his
brother I'm the one who planted those
Thorn bushes in the
garden those
triolo you know what triolo are they're
they can
be a thorny plant or they can be a cow
trip right a little thing that looks
like it's a pointed blades a little ball
of blades and you throw it out onto a
field and when the horses come it really
wrecks their
feet right he's the one who's
responsible for that stuff being in the
garden do you know why they're sitting
around that bush that's burning talking
to God because the devil showed them
yeah these are older Traditions by far
than any of your
Mysteries right this is the origin the
satanic origin of Judaism Christianity
and Islam if you are a modern practicing
Jew Christian or
Muslim you are honoring the ways of the
devil straight up
congratulations congratulations you are
all Servants of Satan every one of you
and this is his
[Music]
kingdom God that's gorgeous isn't that
gorgeous what the text actually say
remember this is the black Bible right
this was banned and now I think you
you'll understand why it was banned give
me the next band bit oh oh look at this
people he taught Cain go to the next one
he taught kanaine right taught Kane to
kill him and what did he do says look
I'm the one who pulled down those angels
from above I brought them here and why
did I bring them here I brought them
here through the power of their desire
for the ladies I bound them to that
desire and why did I do that cuz I
wanted some kitties I wanted some
kitties to do my
will is that is that awesome or what now
now you thought the devil brought down
those angels by his tail his Ura right
very explicitly here no it has to do
with a person's desire a person's
epia and if you are a Christian and
you're sitting there you're thinking how
can I prove this terrible person om and
wrong or if you're a scholar maybe you
came out of Christianity you're sitting
how does this factor in to everything
that I was exposed
to the
devil's principal
weapon is you know what right it's a
killer it's a
killer and that power
belongs to
Eve and this
scares everybody who's a
monest because this this power is the
power of that
woman Eve was the object of worship not
Adam she was the one making him
invincible and people came along and
turned the right around they made
Hercules they made Jesus that made Moses
the
center right by the way Moses is a off
right they just in the third Century
they just said who's that stoned Prophet
oh his name is museus oh well we'll call
him Moses right that's it knockoff it's
even a knockoff your religions are
knockoffs do you understand that Jesus
Christ is just a knockoff of a Bronze
Age mystery a Bronze Age that's why you
can't tell the truth Christianity that's
why you have shows you have shows about
Amen to say things that are totally
wrong they're lies they're
slander that's what you have to use as a
weapon we don't have to do that at
satanic congregation we use the text we
look at the reality and we actually use
our Greek Fantastic look what is that
comment that thing's long ever since I
was a child hey thanks funky cold I
didn't understand religion it didn't
make sense to me I questioned everything
I didn't enjoy church because I knew
they were trying to wait what oh you
left us on a left us on a little bit of
a cliffhanger trying oh they were lying
to me they were lying sorry about that
funky they were lying to you yes that
that fairy tale Christianity of Faith
was never in existence that was a tool
of the church to control
you it was a tool to control you you're
supposed to be working with venomous
snakes bro
right you're supposed to be working with
venomous snakes yeah right and then the
women became wise thanks to the
serpent by the way thank you heather for
pointing out that this is Lady
Tech this is all Lady Tech they are
developing these drugs and their uses
within the mystery for priesthoods of
women yeah they're connected with the
drugs that are used in women's health
obstetric and Gynecology and mental
health you mean there's a field called
women's mental health in
Antiquity that's the source of this
mystery isn't that gorgeous took women
to figure out right what were all the
men doing what were all the men
doing during this
time right this is hundreds of years
before hypocrates comes along right
hundreds of years before Galen
the women are creating medicine that's
phenomenal that's phenomenal and part of
their societies are all women and they
go out and Hunt Men what happened to the
women who hunted
men this is what I'm looking for I want
to find an island where these people
have existed right in
isolation they will probably shoot
me poison arrows
right but for those few
minutes oh give me the next one right
Hil media what happened to Media where's
media today where is Media I pulled down
those angels said the devil and I did it
through the power of desire for the
ladies they made kids and those little
kids there were the ones that did my
will cuz this is my kingdom is't that
gorgeous you got to love the devil man
he's straight up he's straight up no
lying and he's going to correct Thomas
because Thomas tells them basically get
behind me Satan he doesn't say that but
it's basically that approach and give me
the next one what does he what does he
say he says guess what um I tied those a
angels that was the next one he that's
just him saying I I I bound those angels
right by their desire right what is the
devil say he says look idiot I'm the one
who abides in the abyss of tardus don't
you love that I am the one who abides in
the abyss of Tartarus and what is tardus
what does that imply in Antiquity that's
the place where the
devil brings
Justice that's the prison and the devil
is the one who executes its Justice
isn't that gorgeous isn't that gorgeous
where' you think all these people were
going where' you think all these people
were going you think the monest invented
Justice they're always claiming they did
you think they're the ones that invented
morality your morali out of the sewer
and those of you who are G to come
against me who who dare to come against
me I'm going to expose your sewage I'm
gonna expose your sewage for what it is
monists shame on you more than shame
give me the next give me the next boom
here it
is Thomas says okay devil here's what I
want you to
do I want
you to remove the EOS that you put in
that kid I want you to take it
out right I want you to suck it out to
suck it wait what we're going to we're
gonna we're going to suck out the poison
from the kid right remember where are we
we're in that Cemetery where Jesus
always ends up with the naked kids right
we're in that Cemetery we're in that
setting and what has he got to do he's
got to suck out this kid's poison he's
got to suck out this kid's poison maybe
he should have a wrap somewhere maybe
that kid should have a scene
down oh H
interesting give me the next one and
what does he say the devil stands up
right at that point and he corrects the
dude he corrects Thomas and he says
listen jerkwad that's not there I put
that there right listen
jerkwad
right my
time my time of the completion of the
mystery is not
yet and what happens just like you like
contrary to what you said jerk water
right it's not my time and what
happens Thomas respects
it he doesn't deny it right he knows
where the battle is and he knows the
power of the devil okay so what do you
do with that serpent give me give it to
me you give him a
Judas you you give him a
Judas right you give him a Judas do you
remember how Judas died everybody from
the text do you
remember says he became
[Music]
emic right got all swollen burst himself
and all of his goodies ran out of his
backside do you remember what happens
when you overdose on that satian on that
Canadas the beetle the blister
beetle do you remember what
happens yeah
you rupture you swell and
rupture and it all comes dribbling out
your
backside this is an exact description
what you're about to see happen to the
devil is an exact description of what
happened to Judas now you I know you're
used to believing in Miracles you're
used to believing in ha and Angels right
coming down
ah and you didn't realize that these
Angels were visions that these stoned
prophets are intentionally inducing so
they can form a duality with Jesus so
they can be his
[Music]
bride Thomas had been through it as a
kid with Jesus this is way later when
he's old dude dude what's
happening was that
you did you bring meat man remember
this is the guy who's going to become
meatman right he's going to walk around
without his skin right have you ever
seen meatman if you were sealed this guy
steps out Stephen King is all of a
sudden he's sitting in the audience
right in this Stephen King you get this
down Stephen this is him this is meet
man Thomas and he's coming to your
neighborhood right I was blessed to be
able to enter into the communion with
meatman can you believe people would say
stuff like that right this is crazy you
have to have that drug experience to
even
understand what he's talking about you
see the drug experience
produces technical jargon and that
technical jargon is in the language and
it's evidence for us it comes down to us
did you know ancient drugs like cannabis
had names street names most people
didn't know what's the straight name for
cannabis H can you do you know it's
star they also call it spider for some
reason I never got that one but um star
I get I could totally get that one give
me the next one because it's the
five-pointed star you know what I mean
yeah it's the the drug of the Throne of
Lucifer right it is the throne
fantastic that cyan stuff
um so what does the what does the devil
do the Dragon Comes This Guardian this
Necromancer who is in this Cemetery with
this kid that he's just killed he bends
down and the place that he struck him he
puts his mouth on it notice on the
second line the word
naanu right he takes that kid and what
does he do he sucks out the holing the
Venom and what happens the kid whose
flesh I'm transl in whose flesh is
purple it lightens as he's sucking out
the
poison why does he have purple why does
he have purple on people did you see the
purple in the text I'm not making this
up did you see the purple in the text I
am not making this up everybody says all
these Christians all these theologians
around there saying what is this about
the purp
do you know how many theologians we've
run over during the course of Lady
Babylon it's a lot it's a
lot don't worry they're just bumps in
the road it's okay they flatten pretty
good right there's not much to them
there's not much substance and the bad
the funny thing is the Christians all
have the same approach they are they're
just you know cut out of a machine cut
out of a great giant
machine it makes it it makes it you know
so that you can deliver the Antichrist
because people what are we delivering
here we're just bringing people the
Antichrist that's all we're bringing
people the Antichrist it's that which
treats which balances the Christ you
know it's going to balance your love for
Jesus um the reality that he was G
diddling he was G diddling
you want to follow you know what you are
let me talk let me talk to the
evangelicals the Baptists the
charismatics let me talk to them all
right now and the Catholics bringing the
Catholics who else who else is that some
anglicans can we bring some anglicans
how about some people way up in the
woods who were just you know kind of old
timey Christians let's bring them all
into the same room so that we can tell
them all at the same time
you are the Disciples of P Diddy you're
the disciples imagine that you're the
people who will say in the future oh P
didy was wronged P Diddy was wronged he
bore it he bore it all for our
sake right no he got sent to prison for
doing the same stuff that a crowd of
people asend assembled Around Jesus and
said kill him kill
him right people say why is this guy so
interested in Christianity you need to
see the
reality we are living among the
Disciples of a dude who was arrested in
a public park with a naked kid screaming
I'm not a
trafficker yeah that's the reality and
that's what people can't stand that's
what people can't stand is for us to
bring it we've only got a couple more
give me the next one um look I just
wanted you to see the purple people look
at that first word
pora okay porur okay right like that
stuff on Jesus's face where's his face
what parts of that kid were covered with
the purple it was his genitals it was
his genitals it's in Mark says
epu on his
privates his naughty bits on his naughty
bits otherwise he was gumos fantastic
give it to me give it to me and finally
what is the Dragon let's see what
happened so he he the dragon goes over
he sucks this
kid's um wound and what happens and by
the way by the way remember the dragon
had come out with
a the dragon had come out spreading his
glory all over the place okay remember
medicine drugs are being
transferred how are they being
transferred on the That Glory so when he
talks about the wound in the kid do you
know what the devil did to that kid
before he poisoned him to death yeah he
painted himself with a drug that would
kill that kid and he inserted it into
his backside which is what they do
medically that's what they do medically
people that's how you get the
drugs P Diddy everybody's asking
what about the oils we know that he was
drugging people orally he was giving
them drinks that were laced what what
about the oils What was the product in
the oil that was causing the Amnesia
what is the product in the how do you
get that product in an oil you insert it
into the person's body it has its
aphrodesiac effect on you and the
victim and the victim right right this
is not sheer um
necromancy right it is
purposeful that victim is supposed to
forget they're not supposed to be born
again they're supposed to forget do you
understand the Christians took the
mystery and inverted it for their own
pleasure sake right because everybody
knows you're not getting to Heaven
unless you're one of these boys that's
what Jesus said honest honestly look I'm
taking a
vow give it to me next one this is going
to be our almost our last oh yeah right
and what happens so this is how this is
a scene with draag uh with the dragon
dying and what happens people the same
thing that happens to Jude Judas right
what happens this stuff ultimately he
ruptures and the stuff comes flowing out
of him both the EOS it says and the ho I
want you look at the third from the
bottom line and I want you to notice the
presence of the drug this is that
essential ingredient that makes up the
power of the purple okay this is what
gives it its kick the
EOS okay you cannot swallow this stuff
you cannot swallow
it yeah has to be absorbed why I don't
know because they knew the chemistry of
how proteins work give me the next here
we go look at this here we go oh God so
what does the kid do when it because the
kid gets up it says the kid all of a
sudden gets up he's like whoa God and he
stumbles over to Thomas and falls at his
feet and he says to him have I done you
anything have I have I harmed you he's
crying have I caused you any offense he
says you're a man of two shapes what
give me the next one you're a man of two
shapes this kid just came out of it
right he was entered into this death
state by that dragon and now he's coming
out of it right and what does he say you
have multiple shapes wait what is this
kid on something give me give me the the
same no oh yeah here we go he says you
go wherever you want wherever you want
you're there and you are discovered
there right wherever you're going to end
up going it's because you will it you
project yourself there this is odd
people always you know they talk about
very little about Jesus in his vampire
form in his post-resurrection form this
form that can be summoned remember he's
like yeah very creeply wherever you
are two or more I'll be with
you all right remember this is the same
cult that is teaching you stop having
sex with your
husband stop come to a meeting and we
will Drive the sex demon out of you why
because that's what the devil
uses so these victims would come to
meetings with apostles who were
themselves the victims of Jesus and they
would cast out their sex demon and it
took seven tries for Jesus with Mary
Magdalene right she had a lot of sex
demon right now once you've cast out
that demon and how do you do that you
bring that demon right to that person
right and you force that demon to leave
you give that person an inability to
cope with that
practice you sew taint them you you you
Clockwork Orange them to sexual
activity and people get upset about it
and this is why the early Christians are
thrown out of every place they go to
because people discover what they're
doing and they end up in prison you have
all why are all the early Christians
killed why have you have you thought
about that right you just don't get oh
it's because of their faith no nobody
give a [ __ ] about their faith right no
it's because of what they were doing
it's because of what Jesus was doing
that he got crucified you thought he was
the good guy and everybody else is just
evil and they're just going to Heap
their sins on them because you're an
idiot an idiot taste sitting there by
yourself do you understand he got there
on purpose dude They Crucified him for a
reason and he frakin deserved it
fantastic now for those of you who would
say oh look almond has been injured by
the church no I haven't no I haven't no
and there are lots of people who
converted who believed who took up the
faith because of the teachings that I
helped to elucidate
definitely right just the opposite oh
God right fantastic and that's what
scares them so much that's what scares
them so much give me that last one chewy
I think I've got one more yeah I just
wanted to show this um look man I need
you dude this is what he says to this is
what the little kid who's been
revived says to um Thomas who by the way
noted that he was good-looking and
tempting um and he says hey dude make me
to see him again right the one who is
hidden from me make me to see him again
in order that I may hear his
voice and dude when this dude shows up
his appearing I I just I'm unable to
describe it I'm unable to describe it
and you know what it is look at this I'm
translating the last sentence for you
what does that mean this
process is not brought about by a
somatic
instrument this process is not brought
about in any way he
says this is not natural it is
Supernatural for you to see Jesus Christ
and to be able to speak with him you
must be sealed and the kid begs him he
begs him to be
sealed do you see what's happened you
have wandered into a
cemetery from 1800 years ago 1900 years
ago you've wandered into that
cemetery and what do you find there you
find this poor kid and you find these
Magi what are the what are the dudes
calling Thomas Pharm and Magi
drug user and
sorcerer this dude can show you things
he can make you hear things he can make
you speak seal me right sh on shame on
you shame on you Reverend Kush although
I love your name you cry out seal
me
God don't
worry don't
worry P Diddy and G Diddy always end up
in the same place you remember how Jesus
is scared his whole Ministry he's
walking around saying I'm going to get
scandalized they're GNA come after me
right they're gonna crucify me I'm gonna
get crucified he knows the whole time
he's always looking over his shoulder
because this activity that the Mysteries
perform runs a
foul of
society if you can't get your act
together
and show some decency with your own
children and those young
kids you got to go to jail it's just the
way it is we are not putting up with
your monest BS the original persecution
of the Christians was wasn't a
persecution it was
Justice it was
Justice those victims become the
perpetrators and the perpetrators are
the ones that end up singing he touched
me your
prison is staring you in the face thank
you for coming
tonight hell Satan Make It
[Music]
Rain cast a spell on you in a
circle High fire
gasoline make it rainbow
dream Hil Satan Blaze with St Vincent
prico magic W with the
Volcano House of
Frankenstein the wizard walks by Make It
Rain burning
purple and cast a spell on you in a
circle HP fire feel the
burn wreak like in the cup [ __ ] with
your heart I'm shining bright like
Jackie Nicholson my girl is Shelly duol
snow blind on the peak BB at the Players
Ball sugar pop sugar pop sugar pop dope
sugar pop sugar pop do your make a mo
Coca-Cola face Magneto laser Ray mark
them all with a Z on your heads like
Zoro Hillside L Ranger Tree Line Gonzo
make it rain burning
purple cast a spell on you in a
circle High fire
gasoline make it rainbow dream